Create weekly announcement 2021-07-16 (#1031)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/changes/highlights/2021-07-16.md

---
date: 2021-07-16T10:00:00
title: Highlights for the week ending July 16, 2021
changes_categories:
  - Highlights
owner:
  - https://github.com/orgs/giantswarm/teams/sig-product
---

## Managed apps

> [NGINX IC v2.0.0](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/managed-apps/nginx-ingress-controller-app/v2.0.0/) is upgraded to controller container image v0.48.1. It contains performance improvements related to the admission webhook. **Breaking**: For security, it disables forwarding traffic to ExternalNameServices by default. To enable, view [changelog](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/managed-apps/nginx-ingress-controller-app/v2.0.0/) for details.

Author: @ubergesundheit please check.

Author: will have call w gerald to ask about the breaking change

> [Prometheus Operator v0.9.0](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/managed-apps/prometheus-operator-app/v0.9.0/) uses `giantswarm/config` to generate managed configuration. This is part of a larger [story](https://github.com/giantswarm/roadmap/issues/121) to automate the configuration management of installations.

Author: @kubasobon or @snizhana-dynnyk , @ubergesundheit , can you check if this is correct? :)

Reviewer: Looks good :)

Author: thanks!

---
date: 2021-07-16T10:00:00
title: Highlights for the week ending July 16, 2021
changes_categories:
  - Highlights
owner:
  - https://github.com/orgs/giantswarm/teams/sig-product
---

## Managed apps

> [NGINX IC v2.0.0](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/managed-apps/nginx-ingress-controller-app/v2.0.0/) is upgraded to controller container image v0.48.1. It contains performance improvements related to the admission webhook. **Breaking**: For security, it disables forwarding traffic to ExternalNameServices by default. To enable, view [changelog](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/managed-apps/nginx-ingress-controller-app/v2.0.0/) for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[NGINX IC v2.0.0](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/managed-apps/nginx-ingress-controller-app/v2.0.0/) is upgraded to controller container image v0.48.1. It contains performance improvements related to the admission webhook. **Breaking change**: For security, it disables forwarding traffic to ExternalNameServices by default. To enable it please check the details in the [changelog](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/managed-apps/nginx-ingress-controller-app/v2.0.0/).
```

Reviewer 2: maybe we can explain it a bit more in the announcement. I do think none of our customers use `ExternalName` with Ingress Controller but just in case I will add a bit more of context.

Reviewer 3: yes please. Maybe write it more scary than it is to nudge towards upgrading?

> [NGINX IC v2.0.0](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/managed-apps/nginx-ingress-controller-app/v2.0.0/) is upgraded to controller container image v0.48.1. It contains performance improvements related to the admission webhook. **Potentially Breaking**: For security, it disables forwarding traffic to ExternalNameServices by default. To enable, view [changelog](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/managed-apps/nginx-ingress-controller-app/v2.0.0/) for details.

Author: ```suggestion
[NGINX IC v2.0.0](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/managed-apps/nginx-ingress-controller-app/v2.0.0/) is upgraded to controller container image v0.48.1. It contains performance improvements related to the admission webhook. **Potentially Breaking change**: For security, it disables forwarding traffic to ExternalNameServices by default. To enable it please check the details in the [changelog](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/managed-apps/nginx-ingress-controller-app/v2.0.0/).
```

@pipo02mix sorry I overrode your suggestion. This OK to you?

Added clarification in the main changelog too https://github.com/giantswarm/nginx-ingress-controller-app/pull/213

Reviewer 2: yes cool!

---
date: 2021-07-16T10:00:00
title: Highlights for the week ending July 16, 2021
changes_categories:
  - Highlights
owner:
  - https://github.com/orgs/giantswarm/teams/sig-product
---

## Managed apps

[NGINX IC v2.0.0](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/managed-apps/nginx-ingress-controller-app/v2.0.0/) is upgraded to controller container image v0.48.1. It contains performance improvements related to the admission webhook. **Potentially Breaking change**: For security, it disables forwarding traffic to ExternalNameServices by default. To enable it please check the details in the [changelog](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/managed-apps/nginx-ingress-controller-app/v2.0.0/).

[Prometheus Operator v0.9.0](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/managed-apps/prometheus-operator-app/v0.9.0/) uses `giantswarm/config` to generate managed configuration. This is part of a larger [story](https://github.com/giantswarm/roadmap/issues/121) to automate the configuration management of installations.

## User interfaces

> In [kubectl gs v1.32.0](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/kubectl-gs/kubectl-gs/v1.32.0/), Catalog CRD replaces AppCatalog CRD, enabling organization-wide (rather than 'global'), namespace-scoped, app catalogs. It also adds templating using CAPA (Cluster API Provider AWS) upstream templates for clusters in AWS v20.0.0, in preparation for creating CAPI clusters on Giant Swarm.

Author: @marians , this one is new. Can you check if the CAPA stuff is correct? I am not sure.`

Reviewer 4: This

> It also adds templating using CAPA (Cluster API Provider AWS) upstream templates for clusters in AWS v20.0.0, in preparation for creating CAPI clusters on Giant Swarm.

is something Team Firecracker preferred not to highlight, as customers can't use v20 yet.

Author: OK will delete thank you!
